hey waters of yummy goes my name is
super bowl and welcome back to another
far cry 4 video today we are going to be
talking about the main character in this
game which if you didn't know is called
peg a min and we're going to be talking
about what Ubisoft's main intentions
were was creating this character so it's
definitely going to be a really awesome
video and if you do go into enjoying it
please do punch that like button down
below you'll be really appreciated if we
can get something over 100 plus likes by
evil ways sit back relax grab a snack
and without further ado let's get
straight into today's video
so going back to Far Cry free it was
well shut and how spectacular offer
villain bass was and with that said it's
going to be quite serious challenge for
Ubisoft in my opinion to create another
character who is just as dangerous when
best I guess you could say or even more
villainy if that's even a word by Eve
away from what we have seen on the new
character or villain should I say in
FarCry 4 of course pag a min I really
think that Ubisoft they're doing a great
job Pinkett Smith villain really does
seem literally insane now recently dan
hey who is the executive producer on far
cry 4 discuss some of the things that
faithful about when creating peg admin
as well as how they could test whether
or not he measures up to best from Far
Cry 3 and he says we created an
environment where these personalities
are steeped in this environment because
they are of course part of the
environment we chase for performance we
wanted to make sure that when biz
character steps up to you you have that
real feeling about peg a min we talked
about the idea of FS and Pagan were in a
Cell together and you were to lock the
door and basically turn out the light
who would win but the real question is
when the morning comes everybody's
wondering who is still alive but what
happens if they walked out together what
happens if they became buddies so I
think recreated a really compelling
character I think we chase ampio an
amazing performance as well we
discovered it as we went along like some
of the other characters but we make now
that wasn't the only thing that dancer
because he continued to say that then
for trick now is being able to turn it
into a chorus it's not just going to be
peg am in there are characters that we
are not telling you about and they are
going to be chilling Griffin unique and
definitely interesting and I think
people are going to love burn so he
pretty much left that speech and a
cliffhanger rakish you could say but I
actually think that was pretty cool
because it leaves us kind of really
excited to find that on who these
characters are now going back to the
main villain in this game I really do
think is a unique person because he's
strange weird and really cool at the
same time
cuz he also has like his own style two
things as well for example in his cloven
it seems to take a lot of interest on
what he wears and if anything was to
happen to it he kind of gets affected
quite easy and that's pretty much what
we saw at e3 when he got blood on his
shoes we saw him kind of have a short
temper as well have we got really
annoyed real quick he's just literally
insane and definitely does have a mixed
personality but I'm not gonna say any
more just check out Missy the bus I'm
very particular with my words stop shoot
stop shoot do those words sound say let
er go out of control I'm sorry I didn't
hear what you say the car out of control
not out of control hate when things get
out of control oh well okay jeopardy
could be fucking deluxe and I got blood
on my fucking shelves
at least there's a silver lining we
didn't completely fuck it up get up boy
I'd recognize those eyes anywhere I'm so
sorry about this this was supposed to be
well not there sir we have a party
waiting for you but I don't think I know
your name who is this hmm is this your
plus-one strong silent type I like it I
am terribly embarrassed about all of
this this was supposed to be very simple
but you know if you owe two monkeys they
just throw their shit at each other you
know would you hold it for just a moment
I want to get a little share right into
the camera there we are awesome so you
saw how he got really annoyed after he
got blood on his shoes but when you
killed that guy I guess you could say he
got a bit more happy but like I said he
realized he got blood in his shoes then
he lost his temper again then took a
selfie with blood all over his face and
kind of got happy again so as you can
see he really does have a mix
personality like that's not right you
cannot kill someone get blood on your
shoes and get really annoyed and then
take a selfie with blood all over your
face like that is probably the
definition of insane which of course
payin me and definitely is so over a
really different yourself have done an
amazing job with this villain and I am
really looking forward to seeing him in
the game but I would really love to hear
what your thoughts are on this villain
and now it's about time where I get
really off topic with a really random
question which is if you have to spend
one day but it's correct a whole 24
hours with Eva vest or peg am in which
villain would it be and no you are
basically gonna be like best buds with
Eva off these guys so no one is gonna
harm your
you think you just have to spend behold
24 hours with one of them so who would
it be let me know right now down of a
comments below and I'll also leave my
heart so below to buy evo IV stars bring
toys view to an N and I really hope you
guys did enjoy this one and if you are
new to this channel thank you stopping
by please do your best subscribe button
below to stay up to date with the latest
in FarCry 4 News ideas updates and all
that good stuff now be really
appreciated and of course you will
become an amigo and part of the amazing
awesome vehicle team but either way I
will see you in my next video which will
be tomorrow but until then hope you have
an awesome day and adios amigos